# Matthew 1:1

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

This is the genealogy of Jesus the Messiah the son of David, the son of Abraham:

#### New Living Translation

This is a record of the ancestors of Jesus the Messiah, a descendant of David and of Abraham:

#### English Standard Version

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Berean Study Bible

This is the record of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham:

#### New American Standard Bible

The record of the genealogy of Jesus the Messiah, the son of David, the son of Abraham:

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

The record of the genealogy of Jesus the Messiah, the son of David, the son of Abraham:

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Amplified Bible

The record of the genealogy of Jesus the Messiah, the son (descendant) of David, the son (descendant) of Abraham:

#### Christian Standard Bible

An account of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the Son of David, the Son of Abraham:

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

The historical record of Jesus Christ, the Son of David, the Son of Abraham:

#### Contemporary English Version

Jesus Christ came from the family of King David and also from the family of Abraham. And this is a list of his ancestors.

#### Good News Translation

This is the list of the ancestors of Jesus Christ, a descendant of David, who was a descendant of Abraham.

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

This is the list of ancestors of Jesus Christ, descendant of David and Abraham.

#### International Standard Version

This is a record of the life of Jesus the Messiah, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### NET Bible

This is the record of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

### Classical

#### King James Bible

THE book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

##### New King James Version

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the Son of David, the Son of Abraham:

#### King James 2000 Bible

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### New Heart English Bible

A record of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### World English Bible

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### American King James Version

The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### American Standard Version

The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### A Faithful Version

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham:

#### Darby Bible Translation

Book of the generation of Jesus Christ, Son of David, Son of Abraham.

#### English Revised Version

The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Webster's Bible Translation

The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

The booke of the generation of Iesvs Christ the sonne of Dauid, the sonne of Abraham.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

This is the booke of the generation of Iesus Christ, the sonne of Dauid, the sonne of Abraham

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

This is the boke of the generacion of Iesus Christ ye sonne of Dauid, the sonne of Abraham.

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

This is the boke of the generacion of Iesus Christ the sonne of Dauid the sonne also of Abraham.

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

[The] scroll of the birth of Jesus Christ, Son of David, Son of Abraham.

#### Berean Literal Bible

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, son of David, son of Abraham:

#### Young's Literal Translation

A roll of the birth of Jesus Christ, son of David, son of Abraham.

#### Smith's Literal Translation

The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, son of David, son of Abraham.

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, son of David, son of Abraham.

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

THE book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham:

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

The book of the lineage of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

The book of the genealogy of Yeshua The Messiah, The Son of David, The Son of Abraham.

#### Lamsa Bible

THE book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

THE book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Godbey New Testament

The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Haweis New Testament

THE book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Mace New Testament

The History of the life of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Weymouth New Testament

The Genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

#### Worrell New Testament

A book of the lineage of Jesus Christ, Son of David, Son of Abraham.

#### Worsley New Testament

The book of the genealogy of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.

## Analysis

The book of Matthew first starts of by stating the recorded lineage or genealogy of Jesus Christ the Messiah, who was the son of David, who in turn, was the son of Abraham. This will then be followed by a list of the full ancestory.

So currently, we can infer the following:

- Abraham --> David --> Jesus Christ
