# Matthew 1:2

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Abraham was the father of Isaac, Isaac the father of Jacob, Jacob the father of Judah and his brothers,

#### New Living Translation

Abraham was the father of Isaac. Isaac was the father of Jacob. Jacob was the father of Judah and his brothers.

#### English Standard Version

Abraham was the father of Isaac, and Isaac the father of Jacob, and Jacob the father of Judah and his brothers,

#### Berean Study Bible

Abraham was the father of Isaac, Isaac the father of Jacob, and Jacob the father of Judah and his brothers.

#### New American Standard Bible

Abraham fathered Isaac, Isaac fathered Jacob, and Jacob fathered Judah and his brothers.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Abraham was the father of Isaac, Isaac the father of Jacob, and Jacob the father of Judah and his brothers.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

To Abraham was born Isaac; and to Isaac, Jacob; and to Jacob, Judah and his brothers;

#### Amplified Bible

Abraham was the father of Isaac, Isaac the father of Jacob, and Jacob the father of Judah and his brothers [who became the twelve tribes of Israel].

#### Christian Standard Bible

Abraham fathered Isaac, Isaac fathered Jacob, Jacob fathered Judah and his brothers,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Abraham fathered Isaac, Isaac fathered Jacob, Jacob fathered Judah and his brothers,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Abraham] was the father of Isaac, [Isaac] the father of Jacob, [Jacob] the father of Judah and his brothers.

#### International Standard Version

Abraham fathered Isaac, Isaac fathered Jacob, and Jacob fathered Judah and his brothers.

#### NET Bible

Abraham was the father of Isaac, Isaac the father of Jacob, Jacob the father of Judah and his brothers,

### Classical

#### King James Bible

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;

#### New King James Version

Abraham begot Isaac, Isaac begot Jacob, and Jacob begot Judah and his brothers.

#### King James 2000 Bible

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judah and his brothers;

#### New Heart English Bible

Abraham was the father of Isaac, and Isaac the father of Jacob, and Jacob the father of Judah and his brothers,

#### World English Bible

Abraham became the father of Isaac. Isaac became the father of Jacob. Jacob became the father of Judah and his brothers.

#### American King James Version

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brothers;

#### American Standard Version

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judah and his brethren;

#### A Faithful Version

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judah and his brethren;

#### Darby Bible Translation

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob, and Jacob begat Juda and his brethren;

#### English Revised Version

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judah and his brethren;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judah and his brethren;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

Abraham begate Isaac. And Isaac begate Iacob; Iacob begat Iudas and his brethren.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Abraham begat Isaac, Isaac begat Iacob, Iacob begat Iudas, and his brethren.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Abraha begat Isaac: Isaac begat Iacob: Iacob begat Iudas & his brethre:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Abraham begat Isaac: Isaac begat Iacob: Iacob begat Iudas and his brethren:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

Abraham begot Isaac, and Isaac begot Jacob, and Jacob begot Judah and his brothers,

#### Berean Literal Bible

Abraham begat Isaac, and Isaac begat Jacob, and Jacob begat Judah and his brothers.

#### Young's Literal Translation

Abraham begat Isaac, and Isaac begat Jacob, and Jacob begat Judah and his brethren,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob: and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and and Jacob begat Judah and his brothers;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

Abraham begot Isaac. And Isaac begot Jacob. And Jacob begot Judas and his brethren.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

Abraham conceived Isaac. And Isaac conceived Jacob. And Jacob conceived Judah and his brothers.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Abraham begot Isaaq, Isaaq begot Jaqob, Jaqob begot Yehuda and his brothers.

#### Lamsa Bible

Abraham begot Isaac; Isaac begot Jacob; Jacob begot Judah and his brothers;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Abraham begot Isaac: Isaac begot Jacob: Jacob begot Judah and his brothers:

#### Godbey New Testament

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judah and his brothers;

#### Haweis New Testament

Abraham begat Isaac, and Isaac begat Jacob, and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren,

#### Mace New Testament

Abraham was the father of Isaac, Isaac the father of Jacob, Jacob the father of Judas and his brethren.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Abraham was the father of Isaac; Isaac of Jacob; Jacob of Judah and his brothers.

#### Worrell New Testament

Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judah and his brothers;

#### Worsley New Testament

Abraham begat Isaac, and Isaac begat Jacob, and Jacob begat Judah and his brethren;

## Analysis

Starting off with Abraham who fathered Isaac, who fathered Jacob, who fathered Judas (or Juda or Judas or Iudas) and his brothers.

So from this, we can infer the following:

- Abraham --> Isaac --> Jacob --> Judah (or Juda or Judas or Iudas) and brothers
