# Matthew 1:3

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Judah the father of Perez and Zerah, whose mother was Tamar, Perez the father of Hezron, Hezron the father of Ram,

#### New Living Translation

Judah was the father of Perez and Zerah (whose mother was Tamar). Perez was the father of Hezron. Hezron was the father of Ram.

#### English Standard Version

and Judah the father of Perez and Zerah by Tamar, and Perez the father of Hezron, and Hezron the father of Ram,

#### Berean Study Bible

Judah was the father of Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez the father of Hezron, and Hezron the father of Ram.

#### New American Standard Bible

Judah fathered Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez fathered Hezron, and Hezron fathered Ram.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Judah was the father of Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez was the father of Hezron, and Hezron the father of Ram.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Judah were born Perez and Zerah by Tamar; and to Perez was born Hezron; and to Hezron, Ram;

#### Amplified Bible

Judah was the father of Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez was the father of Hezron, and Hezron the father of Ram.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Judah fathered Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez fathered Hezron, Hezron fathered Aram,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Judah fathered Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez fathered Hezron, Hezron fathered Aram,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Judah] and [Tamar] were the father and mother of Perez and Zerah. [Perez] was the father of Hezron, [Hezron] the father of Ram,

#### International Standard Version

Judah fathered Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez fathered Hezron, Hezron fathered Aram,

#### NET Bible

Judah the father of Perez and Zerah (by Tamar), Perez the father of Hezron, Hezron the father of Ram,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;

#### New King James Version

Judah begot Perez and Zerah by Tamar, Perez begot Hezron, and Hezron begot Ram.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Judah begat Perez and Zerah of Tamar; and Perez begat Hezron and Hezron begat Ram;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Judah was the father of Perez and Zerah by Tamar, and Perez was the father of Hezron, and Hezron the father of Ram,

#### World English Bible

Judah became the father of Perez and Zerah by Tamar. Perez became the father of Hezron. Hezron became the father of Ram.

#### American King James Version

And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;

#### American Standard Version

and Judah begat Perez and Zerah of Tamar; and Perez begat Hezron; and Hezron begat Ram;

#### A Faithful Version

And Judah begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Juda begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom, and Esrom begat Aram,

#### English Revised Version

and Judah begat Perez and Zerah of Tamar; and Perez begat Hezron; and Hezron begat Ram;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Judah begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Iudas begate Phares, and Zara of Thamar; Phares begate Esrom; Esrom begate Aram.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Iudas begat Phares, and Zara of Thamar, Phares begat Esrom, Esrom begat Aram.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Iudas begat Phares & Zara of Thamar: Phares begat Hesrom: Hesrom begat Aram:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Iudas begat Phares and zaram of Thamar: Phares begat Hesrom: Hesrom begat Aram:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Judah begot Perez and Zerah of Tamar, and Perez begot Hezron, and Hezron begot Ram,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Judah begat Perez and Zerah out of Tamar, and Perez begat Hezron, and Hezron begat Ram.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Judah begat Pharez and Zarah of Tamar, and Pharez begat Hezron, and Hezron begat Ram,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Judah begat Perez and Zerah from out of Tamar; and Perez begat Hezron; and Hezron begat Ram

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Judas begot Phares and Zara of Thamar. And Phares begot Esron. And Esron begot Aram.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Judah conceived Perez and Zerah by Tamar. And Perez conceived Hezron. And Hezron conceived Ram.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Yehuda begot Pharez and Zarah from Tamar. Pharez begot Hezron, Hezron begot Aram.

#### Lamsa Bible

Judah begot Perez and Zerah of his wife Tamar; Perez begot Hezron; Hezron begot Aram;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Judah begot Phares and Zarah of Thamar: Phares begot Hezron: Hezron begot Aram:

#### Godbey New Testament

And Judah begat Phares and Zara from Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Judas begat Phares, and Zara of Thamar, and Phares begat Esrom, and Esrom begat Aram;

#### Mace New Testament

And Judas the father of Phares and Zara by Thamar, and Phares the father of Esrom, Esrom the father of Aram.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Judah was the father (by Tamar)

#### Worrell New Testament

and Judah begat Pharez and Zarah of Tamar; and Pharez begat Hezrom; and Hezrom begat Aram;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Judah had Phares and Zara by Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom,

## Analysis

Judah (or Juda or Judas Iudas) and Tamar (or Thamar) conceived Perez (or Pharez or Phares) and Zerah (or Zara or Zarah or zaram). Perez fathered Hezron (or Esrom or Esron), who fathered Ram (or Aram).

So from this, we can infer the following:

- Judah & Tamar --> Perez, Zerah
- Perez --> Hezron --> Ram
