# Matthew 1:4

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Ram the father of Amminadab, Amminadab the father of Nahshon, Nahshon the father of Salmon,

#### New Living Translation

Ram was the father of Amminadab. Amminadab was the father of Nahshon. Nahshon was the father of Salmon.

#### English Standard Version

and Ram the father of Amminadab, and Amminadab the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon the father of Salmon,

#### Berean Study Bible

Ram was the father of Amminadab, Amminadab the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon the father of Salmon.

#### New American Standard Bible

Ram fathered Amminadab, Amminadab fathered Nahshon, and Nahshon fathered Salmon.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Ram was the father of Amminadab, Amminadab the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon the father of Salmon.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Ram was born Amminadab; and to Amminadab, Nahshon; and to Nahshon, Salmon;

#### Amplified Bible

Ram was the father of Aminadab, Aminadab the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon the father of Salmon.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Aram fathered Amminadab, Amminadab fathered Nahshon, Nahshon fathered Salmon,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Aram fathered Amminadab, Amminadab fathered Nahshon, Nahshon fathered Salmon,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Ram] the father of Amminadab, [Amminadab] the father of Nahshon, [Nahshon] the father of Salmon.

#### International Standard Version

Aram fathered Amminadab, Amminadab fathered Nahshon, and Nahshon fathered Salmon.

#### NET Bible

Ram the father of Amminadab, Amminadab the father of Nahshon, Nahshon the father of Salmon,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

#### New King James Version

Ram begot Amminadab, Amminadab begot Nahshon, and Nahshon begot Salmon.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Ram begat Amminidab; and Amminidab begat Nahshon; and Nahshon begat Salmon;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Ram the father of Amminadab, and Amminadab the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon the father of Salmon,

#### World English Bible

Ram became the father of Amminadab. Amminadab became the father of Nahshon. Nahshon became the father of Salmon.

#### American King James Version

And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

#### American Standard Version

and Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon; and Nahshon begat Salmon;

#### A Faithful Version

And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Aram begat Aminadab, and Aminadab begat Naasson, and Naasson begat Salmon,

#### English Revised Version

and Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon; and Nahshon begat Salmon;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Aram begate Aminadab; Aminadab begate Naasson; Naasson begat Salmon.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Aram begat Aminadab, Aminadab begat Naasson, Naasson begat Salmon.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Aram begat Aminadab: Aminadab begat Naasson: Naasson begat Salmon:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Aram begat Aminadab: Aminadab begat Naasson: Naasson begat Salmon:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Ram begot Amminadab, and Amminadab begot Nahshon, and Nahshon begot Salmon,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Ram begat Amminadab, and Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Ram begat Amminadab, and Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon; and Nahshon begat Salmon;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Aram begot Aminadab. And Aminadab begot Naasson. And Naasson begot Salmon.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Ram conceived Amminadab. And Amminadab conceived Nahshon. And Nahshon conceived Salmon.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Aram begot Aminadab, Aminadab begot Nahshon, Nahshon begot Salmon

#### Lamsa Bible

Aram begot Aminadab; Aminadab begot Nahson; Nahson begot Salmon;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Aram begot Aminidab: Aminidab begot Nahshon: Nahshon begot Salmon:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Aram begat Amminadab, and Amminadab begat Naasson, and Naasson begat Salmon,

#### Mace New Testament

Aram the father of Aminadab, Aminadab the father of Naasson, Naasson the father of Salmon.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Ram of Amminadab; Amminadab of Nahshon; Nahshon of Salmon;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Esrom begat Aram, and Aram begat Aminadab, and Aminadab begat Naasson, and Naasson begat Salmon,

## Analysis

Ram (or Aram) fathered Aminadab, who fathered Naasson (or Nahshon), who fathered Salmon.

So from this we can infer the following:

- Ram --> Aminadab --> Naasson --> Salmon
