# Matthew 1:5

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Salmon the father of Boaz, whose mother was Rahab, Boaz the father of Obed, whose mother was Ruth, Obed the father of Jesse,

#### New Living Translation

Salmon was the father of Boaz (whose mother was Rahab). Boaz was the father of Obed (whose mother was Ruth). Obed was the father of Jesse.

#### English Standard Version

and Salmon the father of Boaz by Rahab, and Boaz the father of Obed by Ruth, and Obed the father of Jesse,

#### Berean Study Bible

Salmon was the father of Boaz by Rahab, Boaz the father of Obed by Ruth, Obed the father of Jesse,

#### New American Standard Bible

Salmon fathered Boaz by Rahab, Boaz fathered Obed by Ruth, and Obed fathered Jesse.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Salmon was the father of Boaz by Rahab, Boaz was the father of Obed by Ruth, and Obed the father of Jesse.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Salmon was born Boaz by Rahab; and to Boaz was born Obed by Ruth; and to Obed, Jesse;

#### Amplified Bible

Salmon was the father of Boaz by Rahab, Boaz was the father of Obed by Ruth, and Obed the father of Jesse.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Salmon fathered Boaz by Rahab, Boaz fathered Obed by Ruth, Obed fathered Jesse,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Salmon fathered Boaz by Rahab, Boaz fathered Obed by Ruth, Obed fathered Jesse,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Salmon] and [Rahab] were the father and mother of Boaz. [Boaz] and [Ruth] were the father and mother of Obed. [Obed] was the father of Jesse,

#### International Standard Version

Salmon fathered Boaz by Rahab, Boaz fathered Obed by Ruth, Obed fathered Jesse,

#### NET Bible

Salmon the father of Boaz (by Rahab), Boaz the father of Obed (by Ruth), Obed the father of Jesse,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### New King James Version

Salmon begot Boaz by Rahab, Boaz begot Obed by Ruth, Obed begot Jesse,

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Salmon begat Boaz of Rahab; and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Salmon the father of Boaz by Rahab, and Boaz was the father of Obed by Ruth, and Obed was the father of Jesse,

#### World English Bible

Salmon became the father of Boaz by Rahab. Boaz became the father of Obed by Ruth. Obed became the father of Jesse.

#### American King James Version

And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### American Standard Version

and Salmon begat Boaz of Rahab; and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### A Faithful Version

And Salmon begat Boaz of Rachab; and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse,

#### English Revised Version

and Salmon begat Boaz of Rahab; and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Salmon begate Booz of Rachab; Booz begat Obed of Ruth; Obed begat Iesse.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Salmon begat Boos, of Rachab, Boos begat Obed of Ruth, Obed begat Iesse.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Salmon begat Boos of Rahab: Boos begat Obed of Ruth: Obed begat Iesse:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Salmon begat Boos of Rahab: Boos begat Obed of Ruth: Obed begat Iesse:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Salmon begot Boaz of Rahab, and Boaz begot Obed of Ruth, and Obed begot Jesse,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Salmon begat Boaz out of Rahab, and Boaz begat Obed out of Ruth, and Obed begat Jesse,

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Salmon begat Boaz of Rahab, and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth, and Obed begat Jesse,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Rath; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Salmon begat Boaz from out of Rahab; and Boaz begat Obed from out of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Salmon begot Booz of Rahab. And Booz begot Obed of Ruth. And Obed begot Jesse.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Salmon conceived Boaz by Rahab. And Boaz conceived Obed by Ruth. And Obed conceived Jesse.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Salmon begot Boaz from Rahab, Boaz begot Obayd from Ruth, Obayd begot Jesse.

#### Lamsa Bible

Salmon begot Boaz of his wife Rahab; Boaz begot Obed of his wife Ruth; Obed begot Jesse

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Salmon begot Boaz of Rachab: Boaz begot Obed of Ruth: Obed begot Jesse:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Salmon begat Boaz of Rachab, and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth, and Obed begat Jesse,

#### Mace New Testament

Salmon the father of Booz by Rachab, and Booz the father of Obed by Ruth, and Obed the father of Jesse.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Salmon (by Rahab)

#### Worrell New Testament

and Salmon begat Boaz of Rahab; and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Salmon had Booz by Rahab, and Booz had Obed by Ruth,

## Analysis

Salmon and Rahab conceived Boaz (or Boos or Booz), who convieved Obed with Ruth (or Rath), and Obed fathered from Jesse.

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Salmon & Rahab --> Boaz
- Boaz & Ruth --> Obed --> Jesse
