# Matthew 1:6

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

and Jesse the father of King David. David was the father of Solomon, whose mother had been Uriah's wife,

#### New Living Translation

Jesse was the father of King David. David was the father of Solomon (whose mother was Bathsheba, the widow of Uriah).

#### English Standard Version

and Jesse the father of David the king. And David was the father of Solomon by the wife of Uriah,

#### Berean Study Bible

and Jesse the father of David the king. Next: David was the father of Solomon by Uriah’s wife,

#### New American Standard Bible

Jesse fathered David the king. David fathered Solomon by her who had been the wife of Uriah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Jesse was the father of David the king. David was the father of Solomon by Bathsheba who had been the wife of Uriah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Jesse was born David the king. And to David was born Solomon by her who had been the wife of Uriah;

#### Amplified Bible

Jesse was the father of David the king. David was the father of Solomon by Bathsheba who had been the wife of Uriah.

#### Christian Standard Bible

and Jesse fathered King David. David fathered Solomon by Uriah’s wife,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

and Jesse fathered King David. Then David fathered Solomon by Uriah's wife,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Jesse] the father of King David. [David] and [Uriah's wife][Bathsheba] were the father and mother of Solomon.

#### International Standard Version

and Jesse fathered King David. David fathered Solomon by the wife of Uriah,

#### NET Bible

and Jesse the father of David the king. David was the father of Solomon (by the wife of Uriah),

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;

#### New King James Version

and Jesse begot David the king. David the king begot Solomon by her who had been the wife of Uriah.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Uriah;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Jesse the father of David the king. And David was the father of Solomon by her who had been the wife of Uriah;

#### World English Bible

Jesse became the father of King David. David became the father of Solomon by her who had been the wife of Uriah.

#### American King James Version

And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;

#### American Standard Version

and Jesse begat David the king. And David begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Uriah;

#### A Faithful Version

And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of the one who had been wife of Uriah;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Jesse begat David the king. And David begat Solomon, of her [that had been the wife] of Urias;

#### English Revised Version

and Jesse begat David the king. And David begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Uriah;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Uriah;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Iesse begate Dauid the King; Dauid the King begate Solomon of her that was the wife of Vrias.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Iesse begat Dauid the kyng, Dauid the kyng begat Solomon, of her that was the wyfe of Urie.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Iesse begat Dauid the kynge: Dauid the kynge begat Salomon, of her that was the wyfe of Vry:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Iesse begat Dauid the kynge: Dauid the kynge begat Salomon of her that was the wyfe of Vry:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Jesse begot David the king. And David the king begot Solomon, of her [who had been] Uriah’s,

#### Berean Literal Bible

and Jesse begat David the king. Next: David begat Solomon, out of the wife of Uriah,

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Jesse begat David the king. And David the king begat Solomon, of her who had been Uriah's,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her of Urias.

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Jesse begat David the king. And David begat Solomon from out of her who had been the wife of Uriah;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Jesse begot David the king. And David the king begot Solomon, of her that had been the wife of Urias.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Jesse conceived king David. And king David conceived Solomon, by her who had been the wife of Uriah.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Jesse begot David the King, David begot Solomon from the wife of Uriah.

#### Lamsa Bible

Jesse begot David the king; David the king begot Solomon of the wife of Uriah;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Jesse begot David the king: David the king begot Solomon of her who had been the wife of Uriah:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her who was the wife of Uriah;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Jesse begat David the king, and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias,

#### Mace New Testament

And Jesse the father of David the king, and David had Solomon by her that had been the wife of Urias.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Jesse of David--the King. David (by Uriah's widow)

#### Worrell New Testament

and Jesse begat David, the king; and David begat Solomon, of the wife of Uriah;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David the king, and David had Solomon by her who had been the wife of Uriah.

## Analysis

Jesse conceived King David, who conceived King Solomon with Bathesheba (the widow of Uriah, i.e. Uriah's wife).

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Jesse --> King David
- King David & Bathesheba (Uriah's wife) --> King Solomon
