# Matthew 1:7

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Solomon the father of Rehoboam, Rehoboam the father of Abijah, Abijah the father of Asa,

#### New Living Translation

Solomon was the father of Rehoboam. Rehoboam was the father of Abijah. Abijah was the father of Asa.

#### English Standard Version

and Solomon the father of Rehoboam, and Rehoboam the father of Abijah, and Abijah the father of Asaph,

#### Berean Study Bible

Solomon the father of Rehoboam, Rehoboam the father of Abijah, and Abijah the father of Asa.

#### New American Standard Bible

Solomon fathered Rehoboam, Rehoboam fathered Abijah, and Abijah fathered Asa.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Solomon was the father of Rehoboam, Rehoboam the father of Abijah, and Abijah the father of Asa.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Solomon was born Rehoboam; and to Rehoboam, Abijah; and to Abijah, Asa;

#### Amplified Bible

Solomon was the father of Rehoboam, Rehoboam the father of Abijah, and Abijah the father of Asa.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Solomon fathered Rehoboam, Rehoboam fathered Abijah, Abijah fathered Asa,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Solomon fathered Rehoboam, Rehoboam fathered Abijah, Abijah fathered Asa,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Solomon] was the father of Rehoboam, [Rehoboam] the father of Abijah, [Abijah] the father of Asa,

#### International Standard Version

Solomon fathered Rehoboam, Rehoboam fathered Abijah, Abijah fathered Asaph,

#### NET Bible

Solomon the father of Rehoboam, Rehoboam the father of Abijah, Abijah the father of Asa,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;

#### New King James Version

Solomon begot Rehoboam, Rehoboam begot Abijah, and Abijah begot Asa.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Solomon begat Rehoboam; and Rehoboam begat Abijah; and Abijah begat Asa;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Solomon was the father of Rehoboam, and Rehoboam the father of Abijah, and Abijah the father of Asa;

#### World English Bible

Solomon became the father of Rehoboam. Rehoboam became the father of Abijah. Abijah became the father of Asa.

#### American King James Version

And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;

#### American Standard Version

and Solomon begat Rehoboam; and Rehoboam begat Abijah; and Abijah begat Asa;

#### A Faithful Version

And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Solomon begat Roboam, and Roboam begat Abia, and Abia begat Asa,

#### English Revised Version

and Solomon begat Rehoboam; and Rehoboam begat Abijah; and Abijah begat Asa;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Solomon begate Roboam; Roboam begate Abia; Abia begate Asa.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Solomon begat Roboam, Roboam begat Abia, Abia begat Asa.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Salomon begat Roboam: Roboam begat Abia: Abia begat Asa:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Salomon begat Roboam: Roboam begat Abia: Abia begat Asa:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Solomon begot Rehoboam, and Rehoboam begot Abijah, and Abijah begot Asa,

#### Berean Literal Bible

and Solomon begat Rehoboam, and Rehoboam begat Abijah, and Abijah begat Asa.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Solomon begat Rehoboam, and Rehoboam begat Abijah, and Abijah begat Asa,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Solomon begat Rehoboam; and Rehoboam begat Abijah; and Abijah begat Asa;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Solomon begot Roboam. And Roboam begot Abia. And Abia begot Asa.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Solomon conceived Rehoboam. And Rehoboam conceived Abijah. And Abijah conceived Asa.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Solomon begot Rehoboam, Rehoboam begot Abia, Abia begot Asa.

#### Lamsa Bible

Solomon begot Rehoboam; Rehoboam begot Abijah; Abijah begot Asa;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Solomon begot Rehoboam: Rehoboam begot Abia: Abia begot Asa:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Solomon begat Roboam, and Roboam begat Abia, and Abia begat Asa,

#### Mace New Testament

Solomon was the father of Roboam, Roboam the father of Abia, Abia the father of Asa.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Solomon of Rehoboam; Rehoboam of Abijah; Abijah of Asa;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Solomon begat Rehoboam; and Rehoboam begat Abijah; and Abijah begat Asa;

#### Worsley New Testament

And Solomon begat Roboam, and Roboam begat Abia,

## Analysis

King Solomon conceived Rehoboam (or Roboam), who conceived Abijah (or Abia), who conceived Asa.

So, from this we can infer the following:

- King Solomon --> Rehoboam --> Abijah --> Asa
