# Matthew 1:8

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Asa the father of Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat the father of Jehoram, Jehoram the father of Uzziah,

#### New Living Translation

Asa was the father of Jehoshaphat. Jehoshaphat was the father of Jehoram. Jehoram was the father of Uzziah.

#### English Standard Version

and Asaph the father of Jehoshaphat, and Jehoshaphat the father of Joram, and Joram the father of Uzziah,

#### Berean Study Bible

Asa was the father of Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat the father of Joram, and Joram the father of Uzziah.

#### New American Standard Bible

Asa fathered Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat fathered Joram, and Joram fathered Uzziah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Asa was the father of Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat the father of Joram, and Joram the father of Uzziah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Asa was born Jehoshaphat; and to Jehoshaphat, Joram; and to Joram, Uzziah;

#### Amplified Bible

Asa was the father of Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat the father of Joram, and Joram the father of Uzziah.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Asa fathered Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat fathered Joram, Joram fathered Uzziah,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Asa fathered Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat fathered Joram, Joram fathered Uzziah,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Asa] the father of Jehoshaphat, [Jehoshaphat] the father of Joram, [Joram] the father of Uzziah,

#### International Standard Version

Asaph fathered Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat fathered Joram, Joram fathered Uzziah,

#### NET Bible

Asa the father of Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat the father of Joram, Joram the father of Uzziah,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;

#### New King James Version

Asa begot Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat begot Joram, and Joram begot Uzziah.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Asa begat Jehoshaphat; and Jehoshaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Uzziah;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Asa the father of Jehoshaphat, and Jehoshaphat the father of Joram, and Joram the father of Uzziah,

#### World English Bible

Asa became the father of Jehoshaphat. Jehoshaphat became the father of Joram. Joram became the father of Uzziah.

#### American King James Version

And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;

#### American Standard Version

and Asa begat Jehoshaphat; and Jehoshaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Uzziah;

#### A Faithful Version

And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Asa begat Josaphat, and Josaphat begat Joram, and Joram begat Ozias,

#### English Revised Version

and Asa begat Jehoshaphat; and Jehoshaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Uzziah;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Asa begate Iosaphat; Iosaphat begate Ioram; Ioram begate Hozias.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Asa begat Iosaphat, Iosaphat begat Ioram, Ioram begat Ozias.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Asa begat Iosaphat: Iosaphat begat Ioram: Ioram begat Osias:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Asa begat Iosaphat: Iosaphat begat Ioram: Ioram begat Osias:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Asa begot Jehoshaphat, and Jehoshaphat begot Joram, and Joram begot Uzziah,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Asa begat Jehoshaphat, and Jehoshaphat begat Joram, and Joram begat Uzziah.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Asa begat Jehoshaphat, and Jehoshaphat begat Joram, and Joram begat Uzziah,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Asa begat Jehoshaphat; and Jehoshaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Uzziah;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Asa begot Josaphat. And Josaphat begot Joram. And Joram begot Ozias.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Asa conceived Jehoshaphat. And Jehoshaphat conceived Joram. And Joram conceived Uzziah.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Asa begot Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat begot Joram, Joram begot Uzaya.

#### Lamsa Bible

Asa begot Jehoshaphat; Jehoshaphat begot Joram; Joram begot Uzziah;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Asa begot Jehosaphat: Jehosaphat begot Jehoram: Jehoram begot Uzziah:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; Joram begat Hozias;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Asa begat Josaphat, and Josaphat begat Joram, and Joram begat Ozias,

#### Mace New Testament

Asa the father of Josaphat, Josaphat the father of Joram, Joram the father of Ozias.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Asa of Jehoshaphat; Jehoshaphat of Jehoram; Jehoram of Uzziah;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Asa begat Jehoshaphat; and Jehoshaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Uzziah;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Abia begat Asa, and Asa begat Josaphat, and Josaphat begat Joram,

## Analysis

Asa conceived Jehoshaphat (or Josaphat or Iosaphat), who conceived Jehoram (or Joram or Ioram), who conceived Uzziah (or Ozias or Hozias or Osias or Uzaya).

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Asa --> Jehoshaphat --> Jehoram --> Uzziah
