# Matthew 1:9

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Uzziah the father of Jotham, Jotham the father of Ahaz, Ahaz the father of Hezekiah,

#### New Living Translation

Uzziah was the father of Jotham. Jotham was the father of Ahaz. Ahaz was the father of Hezekiah.

#### English Standard Version

and Uzziah the father of Jotham, and Jotham the father of Ahaz, and Ahaz the father of Hezekiah,

#### Berean Study Bible

Uzziah was the father of Jotham, Jotham the father of Ahaz, and Ahaz the father of Hezekiah.

#### New American Standard Bible

Uzziah fathered Jotham, Jotham fathered Ahaz, and Ahaz fathered Hezekiah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Uzziah was the father of Jotham, Jotham the father of Ahaz, and Ahaz the father of Hezekiah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Uzziah was born Jotham; and to Jotham, Ahaz; and to Ahaz, Hezekiah;

#### Amplified Bible

Uzziah was the father of Jotham, Jotham the father of Ahaz, and Ahaz the father of Hezekiah.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Uzziah fathered Jotham, Jotham fathered Ahaz, Ahaz fathered Hezekiah,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Uzziah fathered Jotham, Jotham fathered Ahaz, Ahaz fathered Hezekiah,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Uzziah] the father of Jotham, [Jotham] the father of Ahaz, [Ahaz] the father of Hezekiah,

#### International Standard Version

Uzziah fathered Jotham, Jotham fathered Ahaz, Ahaz fathered Hezekiah,

#### NET Bible

Uzziah the father of Jotham, Jotham the father of Ahaz, Ahaz the father of Hezekiah,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;

#### New King James Version

Uzziah begot Jotham, Jotham begot Ahaz, and Ahaz begot Hezekiah.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Uzziah begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Ahaz; and Ahaz begat Hezekiah;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Uzziah the father of Jotham, and Jotham the father of Ahaz, and Ahaz the father of Hezekiah;

#### World English Bible

Uzziah became the father of Jotham. Jotham became the father of Ahaz. Ahaz became the father of Hezekiah.

#### American King James Version

And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;

#### American Standard Version

and Uzziah begat Jotham; and Jotham begat Ahaz; and Ahaz begat Hezekiah;

#### A Faithful Version

And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Ozias begat Joatham, and Joatham begat Achaz, and Achaz begat Ezekias,

#### English Revised Version

and Uzziah begat Jotham; and Jotham begat Ahaz; and Ahaz begat Hezekiah;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Hozias begat Ioatham; Ioatham begate Achaz; Achaz begate Ezekias.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Ozias begat Ioatham, Ioatham begat Achas, Achas begat Ezekias.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Osias begat Ioatham: Ioatham begat Achas: Achas begat Ezechias:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Osias begat Ioatham: Ioatham begat Achas: Achas begat Ezechias:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Uzziah begot Jotham, and Jotham begot Ahaz, and Ahaz begot Hezekiah,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Uzziah begat Jotham, and Jotham begat Ahaz, and Ahaz begat Hezekiah.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Uzziah begat Jotham, and Jotham begat Ahaz, and Ahaz begat Hezekiah,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz; begat Ezekias;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Uzziah begat Jotham; and Jotham begat Ahaz; and Ahaz begat Hezekiah;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Ozias begot Joatham. And Joatham begot Achaz. And Achaz begot Ezechias.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Uzziah conceived Jotham. And Jotham conceived Ahaz. And Ahaz conceived Hezekiah.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Uzaya begot Jotham, Jotham begot Ahaz, Ahaz begot Hezekiah.

#### Lamsa Bible

Uzziah begot Jotham; Jotham begot Ahaz; Ahaz begot Hezekiah;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Uzziah begot Jotham: Jotham begot Ahaz: Ahaz begot Hezekiah:

#### Godbey New Testament

Hozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; Achaz begat Hezekiah;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Ozias begat Joatham, and Joatham begat Ahaz, and Ahaz begat Hezekias,

#### Mace New Testament

Ozias the father of Joatham, Joatham the father of Achaz, Achaz the father of Ezekias.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Uzziah of Jotham; Jotham of Ahaz; Ahaz of Hezekiah;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Uzziah begat Jotham; and Jotham begat Ahaz; and Ahaz begat Hezekiah;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Joram begat Ozias, and Ozias begat Joatham, and Joatham begat Ahaz, and Ahaz begat Ezechias,

## Analysis

Uzziah (or Ozias or Hozias or Osias or Uzaya) conceived Jotham (or Joatham or Ioatham or Jotham), who conceived Ahaz (or Achaz or Achas), who conceived Hezekiah (or Ezekias or Ezechias)

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Uzziah --> Jotham --> Ahaz --> Hezekiah
