# Matthew 1:10

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Hezekiah the father of Manasseh, Manasseh the father of Amon, Amon the father of Josiah,

#### New Living Translation

Hezekiah was the father of Manasseh. Manasseh was the father of Amon. Amon was the father of Josiah.

#### English Standard Version

and Hezekiah the father of Manasseh, and Manasseh the father of Amos, and Amos the father of Josiah,

#### Berean Study Bible

Hezekiah was the father of Manasseh, Manasseh the father of Amon, Amon the father of Josiah,

#### New American Standard Bible

Hezekiah fathered Manasseh, Manasseh fathered Amon, and Amon fathered Josiah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Hezekiah was the father of Manasseh, Manasseh the father of Amon, and Amon the father of Josiah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Hezekiah was born Manasseh; and to Manasseh, Amon; and to Amon, Josiah;

#### Amplified Bible

Hezekiah was the father of Manasseh, Manasseh the father of Amon, and Amon the father of Josiah.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Hezekiah fathered Manasseh, Manasseh fathered Amon, Amon fathered Josiah,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Hezekiah fathered Manasseh, Manasseh fathered Amon, Amon fathered Josiah,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Hezekiah] the father of Manasseh, [Manasseh] the father of Amon, [Amon] the father of Josiah.

#### International Standard Version

Hezekiah fathered Manasseh, Manasseh fathered Amos, and Amos fathered Josiah.

#### NET Bible

Hezekiah the father of Manasseh, Manasseh the father of Amon, Amon the father of Josiah,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;

#### New King James Version

Hezekiah begot Manasseh, Manasseh begot Amon, and Amon begot Josiah.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Hezekiah begat Manasseh; and Manasseh begat Amon; and Amon begat Josiah;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Hezekiah the father of Manasseh, and Manasseh the father of Amon, and Amon the father of Josiah,

#### World English Bible

Hezekiah became the father of Manasseh. Manasseh became the father of Amon. Amon became the father of Josiah.

#### American King James Version

And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;

#### American Standard Version

and Hezekiah begat Manasseh; and Manasseh begat Amon; and Amon begat Josiah;

#### A Faithful Version

And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Ezekias begat Manasses, and Manasses begat Amon, and Amon begat Josias,

#### English Revised Version

and Hezekiah begat Manasseh; and Manasseh begat Amon; and Amon begat Josiah;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Ezekias begate Manasses; Manasses begate Amon; Amon begate Iosias.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Ezekias begat Manasses, Manasses begat Amon, Amon begat Iosias.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Ezechias begat Manasses: Manasses begat Amon: Amon begat Iosias:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Ezechias begat Manasses: Manasses begat Amon: Amon begat Iosias:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Hezekiah begot Manasseh, and Manasseh begot Amon, and Amon begot Josiah,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Hezekiah begat Manasseh, and Manasseh begat Amos, and Amos begat Josiah,

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Hezekiah begat Manasseh, and Manasseh begat Amon, and Amon begat Josiah,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Hezekiah begat Manasseh; and Manasseh begat Amos; and Amos begat Josiah;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Ezechias begot Manasses. And Manesses begot Amon. And Amon begot Josias.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Hezekiah conceived Manasseh. And Manasseh conceived Amos. And Amos conceived Josiah.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Hezekiah begot Manashe, Manashe begot Amon, Amon begot Joshaiah.

#### Lamsa Bible

Hezekiah begot Manasseh; Manasseh begot Amon; Amon begot Josiah;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Hezekiah begot Manasseh: Manasseh begot Amon: Amon begot Josiah:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Hezekiah begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josiah;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Hezekias begat Manasses, and Manasses begat Amon, and Amon begat Josias,

#### Mace New Testament

Ezekias the father of Manasses, Manasses the father of Amon, Amon the father of Josias.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Hezekiah of Manasseh; Manasseh of Amon; Amon of Josiah;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Hezekiah begat Manasseh; and Manasseh begat Amon; and Amon begat Josiah;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Ezechias begat Manasses, and Manasses begat Amon,

## Analysis

Hezekiah (or Ezekias or Ezechias) conceived Manasseh (or Manasses), who conceived Amon (or Amos), who conceived Josiah (or Josias or Joshaiah or Iosias).

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Hezekiah --> Manasseh --> Amon --> Josiah
