# Matthew 1:11

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

and Josiah the father of Jeconiah and his brothers at the time of the exile to Babylon.

#### New Living Translation

Josiah was the father of Jehoiachin and his brothers (born at the time of the exile to Babylon).

#### English Standard Version

and Josiah the father of Jechoniah and his brothers, at the time of the deportation to Babylon.

#### Berean Study Bible

and Josiah the father of Jeconiah and his brothers at the time of the exile to Babylon.

#### New American Standard Bible

Josiah fathered Jeconiah and his brothers, at the time of the deportation to Babylon.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Josiah became the father of Jeconiah and his brothers, at the time of the deportation to Babylon.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Josiah were born Jeconiah and his brothers, at the time of the deportation to Babylon.

#### Amplified Bible

Josiah became the father of Jeconiah [also called Coniah and Jehoiachin] and his brothers, at the time of the deportation (exile) to Babylon.

#### Christian Standard Bible

and Josiah fathered Jeconiah and his brothers at the time of the exile to Babylon.

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

and Josiah fathered Jechoniah and his brothers at the time of the exile to Babylon.

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Josiah] was the father of [Jechoniah] and his brothers. They lived at the time when the people were exiled to Babylon.

#### International Standard Version

Josiah fathered Jechoniah and his brothers at the time of the deportation to Babylon.

#### NET Bible

and Josiah the father of Jeconiah and his brothers, at the time of the deportation to Babylon.

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:

#### New King James Version

Josiah begot Jeconiah and his brothers about the time they were carried away to Babylon.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Josiah begat Jeconiah and his brothers, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:

#### New Heart English Bible

and Josiah the father of Jechoniah and his brothers, at the time of the exile to Babylon.

#### World English Bible

Josiah became the father of Jechoniah and his brothers, at the time of the exile to Babylon.

#### American King James Version

And Josias begat Jechonias and his brothers, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:

#### American Standard Version

and Josiah begat Jechoniah and his brethren, at the time of the carrying away to Babylon.

#### A Faithful Version

And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren at the time of the carrying away to Babylon.

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, at the time of the carrying away of Babylon.

#### English Revised Version

and Josiah begat Jechoniah and his brethren, at the time of the carrying away to Babylon.

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Iosias begate Iakim; Iakim begate Iechonias and his brethren about the time they were caried away to Babylon.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Iosias begat Iacim, Iacim begat Iechonias and his brethren, about the tyme they were caryed away to Babylon.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Iosias begat Iechonias and his brethren aboute the tyme of the captiuyte of Babylon.

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Iosias begat Iechonias and his brethren aboute ye tyme they were caryed awaye to Babylon.

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Josiah begot Jeconiah and his brothers, at the Babylonian removal.

#### Berean Literal Bible

and Josiah begat Jechoniah and his brothers at the time of the carrying away to Babylon.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Josiah begat Jeconiah and his brethren, at the Babylonian remova

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren upon the transferring of Babylon.

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

and Josiah begat Jechoniah and his brothers at the deportation to Babylon.

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Josias begot Jechonias and his brethren in the transmigration of Babylon.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Josiah conceived Jechoniah and his brothers in the transmigration of Babylon.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Joshaiah begot Jokania and his brothers in the captivity of Babel.

#### Lamsa Bible

Josiah begot Jechoniah and his brothers, about the captivity of Babylon.

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Josiah begot Jeconiah and his brothers, about the time of the removal to Babylon.

#### Godbey New Testament

and Josiah begat Jechonias and his brothers in the captivity of Babylon.

#### Haweis New Testament

and Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon,

#### Mace New Testament

Josias the father of Jechonias and his brethren, about the time when the Jews were carried away to Babylon.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Josiah of Jeconiah and his brothers at the period of the Removal to Babylon.

#### Worrell New Testament

and Josiah begat Jechoniah and his brothers upon the removal to Babylon;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Amon begat Josias, and Josias begat Jakim, and Jakim begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time of their being carried away to Babylon.

## Analysis

Josiah (or Josias or Joshaiah or Iosias) conceived Jeconiah (or Jehoiachin or Jechoniah or Coniah or Jechonias or Jakim or Iakim) and his brothers at a time of exile to babylon.

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Josiah --> Jeconiah & brothers
