# Matthew 1:13

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Zerubbabel the father of Abihud, Abihud the father of Eliakim, Eliakim the father of Azor,

#### New Living Translation

Zerubbabel was the father of Abiud. Abiud was the father of Eliakim. Eliakim was the father of Azor.

#### English Standard Version

and Zerubbabel the father of Abiud, and Abiud the father of Eliakim, and Eliakim the father of Azor,

#### Berean Study Bible

Zerubbabel the father of Abiud, Abiud the father of Eliakim, and Eliakim the father of Azor.

#### New American Standard Bible

Zerubbabel fathered Abihud, Abihud fathered Eliakim, and Eliakim fathered Azor.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Zerubbabel was the father of Abihud, Abihud the father of Eliakim, and Eliakim the father of Azor.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Zerubbabel was born Abihud; and to Abihud, Eliakim; and to Eliakim, Azor;

#### Amplified Bible

Zerubbabel was the father of Abihud, Abihud the father of Eliakim, and Eliakim the father of Azor.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Zerubbabel fathered Abiud, Abiud fathered Eliakim, Eliakim fathered Azor,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Zerubbabel fathered Abiud, Abiud fathered Eliakim, Eliakim fathered Azor,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Zerubbabel] the father of Abiud, [Abiud] the father of Eliakim, [Eliakim] the father of Azor,

#### International Standard Version

Zerubbabel fathered Abiud, Abiud fathered Eliakim, Eliakim fathered Azor,

#### NET Bible

Zerubbabel the father of Abiud, Abiud the father of Eliakim, Eliakim the father of Azor,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### New King James Version

Zerubbabel begot Abiud, Abiud begot Eliakim, and Eliakim begot Azor.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Zerubbabel begat Abihud; and Abihud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Zerubbabel the father of Abihud, and Abihud the father of Eliakim, and Eliakim the father of Azzur,

#### World English Bible

Zerubbabel became the father of Abiud. Abiud became the father of Eliakim. Eliakim became the father of Azor.

#### American King James Version

And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### American Standard Version

and Zerubbabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### A Faithful Version

And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Zorobabel begat Abiud, and Abiud begat Eliakim, and Eliakim begat Azor,

#### English Revised Version

and Zerubbabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Zorobabel begate Abiud; Abiud begate Eliacim; Eliacim begate Azor.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Zorobabel begat Abiud, Abiud begat Eliakim, Eliakim begat Azor.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Zorobabel begat Abiud: Abiud begat Eliachim: Eliachim begat Azor:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Zorobabel begat Abiud: Abiud begat Eliachim: Eliachim begat Azor:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Zerubbabel begot Abiud, and Abiud begot Eliakim, and Eliakim begot Azor,

#### Berean Literal Bible

and Zerubbabel begat Abiud, and Abiud begat Eliakim, and Eliakim begat Azor.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Zerubbabel begat Abiud, and Abiud begat Eliakim, and Eliakim begat Azor,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

And Zerubbabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Zorobabel begot Abiud. And Abiud begot Eliacim. And Eliacim begot Azor.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Zerubbabel conceived Abiud. And Abiud conceived Eliakim. And Eliakim conceived Azor.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Zorubabel begot Abiud, Abiud begot Eliakim, Eliakim begot Azor.

#### Lamsa Bible

Zerubbabel begot Abiud; Abiud begot Eliakim; Eliakim begot Azor;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Zerubbabel begot Abiud: Abiud begot Eliakim: Eliakim begot Azor:

#### Godbey New Testament

Zorababbel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Zorobabel begat Abiud, and Abiud begat Eliakim, and Eliakim begat Azor,

#### Mace New Testament

Zorobabel father of Abiud, Abiud father of Eliakim, Eliakim father of Azor.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Zerubbabel of Abiud; Abiud of Eliakim; Eliakim of Azor;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Zerubbabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Salathiel begat Zorobabel, and Zorobabel begat Abiud, and Abiud begat Eliakim, and Eliakim begat Azor,

## Analysis

Zerubbabel (or Zorobabel or Zerubbabelor Zorubabel) conceived Abihud (or Abiud), who conceived Eliakim (or Eliacim or Eliachim), who conceived Azor.

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Zerubbabel --> Abihud --> Eliakim --> Azor
