# Matthew 1:14

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Azor the father of Zadok, Zadok the father of Akim, Akim the father of Elihud,

#### New Living Translation

Azor was the father of Zadok. Zadok was the father of Akim. Akim was the father of Eliud.

#### English Standard Version

and Azor the father of Zadok, and Zadok the father of Achim, and Achim the father of Eliud,

#### Berean Study Bible

Azor was the father of Zadok, Zadok the father of Achim, and Achim the father of Eliud.

#### New American Standard Bible

Azor fathered Zadok, Zadok fathered Achim, and Achim fathered Eliud.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Azor was the father of Zadok, Zadok the father of Achim, and Achim the father of Eliud.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Azor was born Zadok; and to Zadok, Achim; and to Achim, Eliud;

#### Amplified Bible

Azor was the father of Zadok, Zadok the father of Achim, and Achim the father of Eliud.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Azor fathered Zadok, Zadok fathered Achim, Achim fathered Eliud,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Azor fathered Zadok, Zadok fathered Achim, Achim fathered Eliud,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Azor] the father of Zadok, [Zadok] the father of Achim, [Achim] the father of Eliud,

#### International Standard Version

Azor fathered Zadok, Zadok fathered Achim, Achim fathered Eliud,

#### NET Bible

Azor the father of Zadok, Zadok the father of Achim, Achim the father of Eliud,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

#### New King James Version

Azor begot Zadok, Zadok begot Achim, and Achim begot Eliud.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Azor begat Zadok; and Zadok begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Azzur the father of Zadok, and Zadok the father of Ahiam, and Ahiam the father of Elihud,

#### World English Bible

Azor became the father of Sadoc. Sadoc became the father of Achim. Achim became the father of Eliud.

#### American King James Version

And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

#### American Standard Version

and Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

#### A Faithful Version

And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Azor begat Sadoc, and Sadoc begat Achim, and Achim begat Eliud,

#### English Revised Version

and Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Azor begate Sadoc; Sadoc begate Achim; Achim begate Eliud.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Azor begat Sadoc, Sadoc begat Achen, Achen begat Eliud.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Azor begat Sadoc: Sadoc begat Achin: Achin begat Eliud:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Azor begat Sadoc: Sadoc begat Achin: Achin begat Eliud:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Azor begot Sadok, and Sadok begot Achim, and Achim begot Eliud,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Azor begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Achim, and Achim begat Eliud.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Azor begat Sadok, and Sadok begat Achim, and Achim begat Eliud,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim beget Elind;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

And Azor begat Zadok; and Zadok begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Azor begot Sadoc. And Sadoc begot Achim. And Achim begot Eliud.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Azor conceived Zadok. And Zadok conceived Achim. And Achim conceived Eliud.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Azor begot Zadoq, Zadoq begot Akin, Akin begot Eliud.

#### Lamsa Bible

Azor begot Sadoc; Sadoc begot Achim; Achim begot Eliud;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Azor begot Sadok: Sadok begot Achim: Achim begot Eliud:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Acheim; Acheim begat Eliud;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Azor begat Sadoc, and Sadoc begat Achim, and Achim begat Eliud,

#### Mace New Testament

And Azor father of Sadoc, Sadoc father of Achim, Achim father of Eliud.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Azor of Zadok; Zadok of Achim; Achim of Eliud;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Azor begat Sadok, and Sadok begat Achim,

## Analysis

Azor conceived Zadok (or Sadoc or Sadok or Zadoq), who conceived Akim (or Achim or Achen or Achin), who conceived Elihud (or Eliud).

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Azor --> Zadok --> Akim --> Elihud
