# Matthew 1:15

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Elihud the father of Eleazar, Eleazar the father of Matthan, Matthan the father of Jacob,

#### New Living Translation

Eliud was the father of Eleazar. Eleazar was the father of Matthan. Matthan was the father of Jacob.

#### English Standard Version

and Eliud the father of Eleazar, and Eleazar the father of Matthan, and Matthan the father of Jacob,

#### Berean Study Bible

Eliud was the father of Eleazar, Eleazar the father of Matthan, Matthan the father of Jacob,

#### New American Standard Bible

Eliud fathered Eleazar, Eleazar fathered Matthan, and Matthan fathered Jacob.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Eliud was the father of Eleazar, Eleazar the father of Matthan, and Matthan the father of Jacob.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Eliud was born Eleazar; and to Eleazar, Matthan; and to Matthan, Jacob;

#### Amplified Bible

Eliud was the father of Eleazar, Eleazar the father of Matthan, and Matthan the father of Jacob.

#### Christian Standard Bible

Eliud fathered Eleazar, Eleazar fathered Matthan, Matthan fathered Jacob,

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

Eliud fathered Eleazar, Eleazar fathered Matthan, Matthan fathered Jacob,

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Eliud] the father of Eleazar, [Eleazar] the father of Matthan, [Matthan] the father of Jacob.

#### International Standard Version

Eliud fathered Eleazar, Eleazar fathered Matthan, and Matthan fathered Jacob.

#### NET Bible

Eliud the father of Eleazar, Eleazar the father of Matthan, Matthan the father of Jacob,

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### New King James Version

Eliud begot Eleazar, Eleazar begot Matthan, and Matthan begot Jacob.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### New Heart English Bible

and Elihud the father of Eleazar, and Eleazar the father of Matthan, and Matthan the father of Jacob,

#### World English Bible

Eliud became the father of Eleazar. Eleazar became the father of Matthan. Matthan became the father of Jacob.

#### American King James Version

And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### American Standard Version

and Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### A Faithful Version

And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Eliud begat Eliazar, and Eliazar begat Matthan, and Matthan begat Jacob,

#### English Revised Version

and Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Eliud begate Eleazar; Eleazar begate Matthan; Matthan begate Iacob.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Eliud begat Eleazar, Eleazar begat Matthan, Matthan begat Iacob.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Eliud begat Eleasar: Eleasar begat Matthan: Matthan begat Iacob:

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Eliud begat Eleasar: Eleasar begat Matthan: Matthan begat Iacob:

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Eliud begot Eleazar, and Eleazar begot Matthan, and Matthan begot Jacob,

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Eliud begat Eleazar, and Eleazar begat Matthan, and Matthan begat Jacob,

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Eliud begat Eleazar, and Eleazar begat Matthan, and Matthan begat Jacob,

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Elind begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Eliud begot Eleazar. And Eleazar begot Mathan. And Mathan begot Jacob.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Eliud conceived Eleazar. And Eleazar conceived Matthan. And Matthan conceived Jacob.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Eliud begot Eliazer, Eliazer begot Matthan, Matthan begot Yaqob.

#### Lamsa Bible

Eliud begot Eleazar; Eleazar begot Matthan; Matthan begot Jacob;

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Eliud begot Eleazar: Eleazar begot Matthan: Matthan begot Jacob:

#### Godbey New Testament

and Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### Haweis New Testament

and Eliud begat Eleazar, and Eleazar begat Matthan, and Matthan begat Jacob,

#### Mace New Testament

Eliud father of Eleazar, Eleazar father of Matthan, Matthan father of Jacob.

#### Weymouth New Testament

Eliud of Eleazar; Eleazar of Matthan; Matthan of Jacob;

#### Worrell New Testament

and Eliud begat Eleazer; and Eleazer begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;

#### Worsley New Testament

and Achim begat Eliud, and Eliud begat Eleazar, and Eleazar begat Matthan, and Matthan begat Jacob,

## Analysis

Elihud (or Eliud) conceived Eleazar (or Eliazer), who conceived Matthan (or Mathan), who conceived Jacob (or Iacob or Yaqob).

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Elihud --> Eleazar --> Matthan --> Jacob
