# Matthew 1:16

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

and Jacob the father of Joseph, the husband of Mary, and Mary was the mother of Jesus who is called the Messiah.

#### New Living Translation

Jacob was the father of Joseph, the husband of Mary. Mary gave birth to Jesus, who is called the Messiah.

#### English Standard Version

and Jacob the father of Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom Jesus was born, who is called Christ.

#### Berean Study Bible

and Jacob the father of Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### New American Standard Bible

Jacob fathered Joseph the husband of Mary, by whom Jesus was born, who is called the Messiah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

Jacob was the father of Joseph the husband of Mary, by whom Jesus was born, who is called the Messiah.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

and to Jacob was born Joseph the husband of Mary, by whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### Amplified Bible

Jacob was the father of Joseph the husband of Mary, by whom Jesus was born, who is called the Messiah (Christ).

#### Christian Standard Bible

and Jacob fathered Joseph the husband of Mary, who gave birth to Jesus who is called the Messiah.

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

and Jacob fathered Joseph the husband of Mary, who gave birth to Jesus who is called the Messiah.

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

[Jacob] was the father of [Joseph], who was the husband of Mary. Mary was the mother of [Jesus], who is called Christ.

#### International Standard Version

Jacob fathered Joseph, the husband of Mary, who was the mother of Jesus, who is called the Messiah.

#### NET Bible

and Jacob the father of Joseph, the husband of Mary, by whom Jesus was born, who is called Christ.

### Classic

#### King James Bible

And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### New King James Version

And Jacob begot Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus who is called Christ.

#### King James 2000 Bible

And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### New Heart English Bible

and Jacob the father of Joseph, the husband of Mary, from whom was born Jesus, who is called the Christ.

#### World English Bible

Jacob became the father of Joseph, the husband of Mary, from whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### American King James Version

And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### American Standard Version

and Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### A Faithful Version

And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, from whom was born Jesus, Who is called the Christ.

#### Darby Bible Translation

and Jacob begat Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### English Revised Version

and Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### Webster's Bible Translation

And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

And Iacob begat Ioseph ye husbad of Mary, of whom was borne Iesvs, that is called Christ.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

Iacob begat Ioseph, the husband of Marie, of who was borne Iesus, that is called Christe.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

Iacob begat Ioseph the hussbande of Mary, of who was borne that Iesus, which is called Christ.

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

Iacob begat Ioseph the husbande of Mary of which was boren that Iesus that is called Christ.

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

and Jacob begot Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was begotten Jesus, who is named Christ.

#### Berean Literal Bible

And Jacob begat Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, the One being called Christ.

#### Young's Literal Translation

and Jacob begat Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was begotten Jesus, who is named Christ.

#### Smith's Literal Translation

And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, being called Christ, the anointed.

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary from out of whom Jesus was begat, the One called Christ.

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

And Jacob begot Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And Jacob conceived Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Yaqob begot Yoseph the guardian of Maryam, her from whom was begotten Yeshua, who is called The Messiah.

#### Lamsa Bible

Jacob begot Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

Jacob begot Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### Godbey New Testament

and Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, from whom Jesus, who is called Christ, was born.

#### Haweis New Testament

and Jacob begat Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom is born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### Mace New Testament

Jacob father of Joseph the husband of Mary of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

#### Weymouth New Testament

and Jacob of Joseph the husband of Mary, who was the mother of JESUS who is called CHRIST.

#### Worrell New Testament

and Jacob begat Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, Who is called Christ.

#### Worsley New Testament

and Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus who is called Christ.

## Analysis

Jacob (or Iacob or Yaqob) conceived Joseph (or Ioseph), whom with Mary (or Marie or Maryam), conceived Jesus (or Iesvs or Iesus or Yeshia) who is called Christ (or Christe) (or the Messiah).

So, from this we can infer the following:

- Jacob --> Joseph
- Joseph & Mary --> Jesus Christ
