# Matthew 1:17

## Translations

### Modern

#### New International Version

Thus there were fourteen generations in all from Abraham to David, fourteen from David to the exile to Babylon, and fourteen from the exile to the Messiah.

#### New Living Translation

All those listed above include fourteen generations from Abraham to David, fourteen from David to the Babylonian exile, and fourteen from the Babylonian exile to the Messiah.

#### English Standard Version

So all the generations from Abraham to David were fourteen generations, and from David to the deportation to Babylon fourteen generations, and from the deportation to Babylon to the Christ fourteen generations.

#### Berean Study Bible

In all, then, there were fourteen generations from Abraham to David, fourteen from David to the exile to Babylon, and fourteen from the exile to the Christ.

#### New American Standard Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; from David to the deportation to Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the deportation to Babylon to the Messiah, fourteen generations.

#### New American Standard Bible 1995

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; from David to the deportation to Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the deportation to Babylon to the Messiah, fourteen generations.

#### New American Standard Bible 1977

Therefore all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David to the deportation to Babylon fourteen generations; and from the deportation to Babylon to the time of Christ fourteen generations.

#### Amplified Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen; from David to the Babylonian deportation (exile), fourteen generations; and from the Babylonian deportation to the Messiah, fourteen generations.

#### Christian Standard Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David were fourteen generations; and from David until the exile to Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the exile to Babylon until the Messiah, fourteen generations.

#### Holman Christian Standard Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David were 14 generations; and from David until the exile to Babylon, 14 generations; and from the exile to Babylon until the Messiah, 14 generations.

#### GOD'S WORD® Translation

So there were 14 generations from Abraham to David, 14 generations from David until the exile to Babylon, 14 generations from the exile until the Messiah.

#### International Standard Version

So all the generations from Abraham to David totaled fourteen generations, and from David to the deportation to Babylon totaled fourteen generations, and from the deportation to Babylon to the Messiah there were fourteen generations.

#### NET Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations, and from David to the deportation to Babylon, fourteen generations, and from the deportation to Babylon to Christ, fourteen generations.

### Classic

#### King James Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations.

#### New King James Version

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations, from David until the captivity in Babylon are fourteen generations, and from the captivity in Babylon until the Christ are fourteen generations.

#### King James 2000 Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations.

#### New Heart English Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David to the exile to Babylon fourteen generations; and from the exile to Babylon to the Christ, fourteen generations.

#### World English Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; from David to the exile to Babylon fourteen generations; and from the carrying away to Babylon to the Christ, fourteen generations.

#### American King James Version

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon to Christ are fourteen generations.

#### American Standard Version

So all the generations from Abraham unto David are fourteen generations; and from David unto the carrying away to Babylon fourteen generations; and from the carrying away to Babylon unto the Christ fourteen generations.

#### A Faithful Version

So then, all the generations from Abraham to David were fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away to Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the carrying away to Babylon to the Christ, fourteen generations.

#### Darby Bible Translation

All the generations, therefore, from Abraham to David [were] fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away of Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the carrying away of Babylon unto the Christ, fourteen generations.

#### English Revised Version

So all the generations from Abraham unto David are fourteen generations; and from David unto the carrying away to Babylon fourteen generations; and from the carrying away to Babylon unto the Christ fourteen generations.

#### Webster's Bible Translation

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon to Christ are fourteen generations.

### Early modern

#### Geneva Bible of 1587

So all the generations fro Abraham to Dauid, are fourtene generations; fro Dauid vntil they were caried away into Babylon, fourtene generations: and after they were caried away into Babylon vntill Christ, fourteene generations.

#### Bishops' Bible of 1568

And so, all the generations from Abraham to Dauid, are fourteene generations: and from Dauid vntyll the carying away into Babylo, are fourteene generations: and fro the carying away into Babylon vnto Christe, are fourteene generations.

#### Coverdale Bible of 1535

All the generacions from Abraha to Dauid are fourtene generacions: From Dauid vnto the captiuite of Babylon, are fourtene generacions. From the captiuite of Babylon vnto Christ, are also fourtene generacions.

#### Tyndale Bible of 1526

All the generacions from Abraham to David are fowretene generacios. And fro David vnto the captivite of Babylon are fowretene generacions. And from the captivite of Babylon vnto Christ are also fowrtene generacios.

### Literal

#### Literal Standard Version

All the generations, therefore, from Abraham to David [are] fourteen generations, and from David to the Babylonian removal fourteen generations, and from the Babylonian removal to the Christ, fourteen generations.

#### Berean Literal Bible

So all the generations from Abraham to David were fourteen generations, and from David until the carrying away to Babylon fourteen generations, and from the carrying away to Babylon to the Christ fourteen generations.

#### Young's Literal Translation

All the generations, therefore, from Abraham unto David are fourteen generations, and from David unto the Babylonian removal fourteen generations, and from the Babylonian removal unto the Christ, fourteen generations.

#### Smith's Literal Translation

Therefore all the generations from Abraham to David, fourteen generations; and from David to the transferring of Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the transferring of Babylon to Christ, fourteen generations.

#### Literal Emphasis Translation

Therefore all the generations from Abraham until David were fourteen generations; and from David until the deportation to Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the deportation to Babylon until the Christ, fourteen generations.

### Catholic

#### Douay-Rheims Bible

So all the generations, from Abraham to David, are fourteen generations. And from David to the transmigration of Babylon, are fourteen generations: and from the transmigration of Babylon to Christ are fourteen generations.

#### Catholic Public Domain Version

And so, all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David to the transmigration of Babylon, fourteen generations; and from the transmigration of Babylon to the Christ, fourteen generations.

### Aramaic

#### Aramaic Bible in Plain English

Therefore all generations from Abraham until David were fourteen generations, and from David until the captivity of Babel, fourteen generations, and from the captivity of Babel until The Messiah, fourteen generations.

#### Lamsa Bible

Therefore all the generations, from Abraham down to David, are fourteen generations; and from David down to the Babylonian captivity, fourteen generations; and from the Babylonian captivity down to Christ, fourteen generations.

### New Testament

#### Anderson New Testament

So all the generations from Abraham till David are fourteen generations: and from David till the removal to Babylon are fourteen generations: and from the removal to Babylon till the Christ are fourteen generations.

#### Godbey New Testament

Therefore all the generations from Abraham unto David are fourteen generations; from David unto the captivity of Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the captivity of Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations.

#### Haweis New Testament

So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations, and from David to the carrying away into Babylon fourteen generations, and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ fourteen generations.

#### Mace New Testament

So all the generations from Abraham to David, are fourteen generations: and from David to the Babylonian transmigration, are fourteen generations: and from the Babylonian transmigration unto Christ, are fourteen generations.

#### Weymouth New Testament

There are therefore, in all, fourteen generations from Abraham to David; fourteen from David to the Removal to Babylon; and fourteen from the Removal to Babylon to the Christ.

#### Worrell New Testament

All the generations, therefore, from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David to the removal to Babylon, fourteen; and from the removal to Babylon to the Christ, fourteen generations.

#### Worsley New Testament

All the generations therefore from Abraham to David are fourteen generations: and from David until the captivity of Babylon fourteen generations: and from the Babylonish captivity unto Christ, fourteen generations.

## Analysis

A summary of all the aforementioned generations from Abraham to Jesus Christ.

- 14 from Abraham to David
- 14 from David until the exile to Babylon
- 14 from the exile to birth of Jesus Christ

So 42 generations in total (from Abraham to Jesus Christ).

Some omissions in the lineage, but those are accounted for in the [Old Testament](../../../old-testament).

- Matthew taking people out the genealogy is not a mistake.
  - Symbolic in common Hebrew Literary practice.
  - Ancient genealogies were a way of making theological claims.
    - So readers of Matthew can understand what exactly was done.

Ommissions include:

- Three consecutive kings of Judah are omitted:
  - Ahaziah, Jehoash, and Amaziah.
  - These kings are seen as wicked.
    - Cursed line of Ahab via his daughter Athaliah.
      - From the third and fourth generation.
  - This could have been omitted to achieve the number 14 (of the second set).
- Ommited king Jehoiakim (father of Jeconiah).
  - The translations of Jehoiakim and Jeconiah in Greek are almost similar.
    - Author has therefore combined the two.
  - The exile to Babylon was in the time of Jeconiah.
  - Some see this as a mistake, however, others argue that this is to achieve the number 14 (from David).
- Final group, with 14 generations.
  - If Joshiah's son was Jehoiakim, then Jeconiah can be counted separately after the exile to Babylon.
    - Matthew's original text even had Joseph as the father of Mary.
      - With Mary marrying a man of the same name later on.

The choice for 3 sets of 14 seems deliberate:

- Some suggest that 14 is twice 7 to symbolise perfection and covenant.
- 42 is also the gematria (numerical value) of the name David.
  - In Hebrew, letters are also used as their numbers.
    - David in Hebrew is `דוד`.
      - The first character, `ד` (dalet) has a numerical value of 4.
      - The middle character, `ו` (waw) has a numerical value of 6.
    - Addition leads to `4 + 6 + 4 = 14`, i.e. the numerical value of David.
  - Matthew wanted to highlight `David = 14` to symbolically link David to Jesus.
- Not just numerical adjustments were made.
  - Some letters in some names were also adjusted.
    - Such as Asa and Amon to Asaph (poet of [Psalms](../../../old-testament/19-psalms)).
  - Matthew is purposely laying down hints.

The genealogy detailed in the [Gospel of Matthew](../../01-matthew) seems to be far more complex than in the [Gospel of Luke](../../03-luke/).

- 14 generations from Jeconiah (born 616 B.C.) to Jesus (born between 6 B.C. and 4 B.C.).
  - Average generational gap would be 44 years.
  - [Old Testament](../../../old-testament) had even wider gaps between generations.
  - Matthew does not have any papponymic naming patterns.
    - Children named after their grandfathers (common custom of the time).
    - Matthew has omitted to save time.

Furthermore, there are only 4 women in an all male genealogy (Tamar, Rahab, Ruth, and Bathsheba).

- All four are non-Israelites.
  - These women are specifically associated with potential sex scandals.
  - Matthew could have chosen other pure women.
    - Such as Sarah, Rebecca, and Rachel (all matriarchs of Israel).
  - But mentions Canaanites, prostitutes, and Moabites.
    - Symbolic of Israel's sin and failure to uphold the covenant.
  - Matthew wants to highlight how God uses all types of people in His plan.

This genealogy also fulfills a prophecy:

- Bring the blessing of Abraham promised by God.
- Royal son of David all of Israel have been waiting for.
- Other prophets wrote about.
- Psalmists sang about him.
- Matthew reveals this hope in the genealogy.
